Support OIDC cookie-path-header and storing id and refresh tokens (#14227)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/security-openid-connect-web-authentication.adoc

OIDC `CodeAuthenticationMechanism` is using the default `io.quarkus.oidc.TokenStateManager' interface implementation to keep the ID, access and refresh tokens returned in the authorization code or refresh grant responses in a session cookie. It makes Quarkus OIDC endpoints completely stateless.

> Note that some endpoints do not require the access token. Access token is only required if the endpoint needs to retrieve `UserInfo` or access the downstream service with this access token or use the roles in the access token (the roles in the ID token are checked by default). In such cases you can set either `quarkus.oidc.state-session-manager.stategy=id-refresh-token` (keep ID and refresh tokens only) or `quarkus.oidc.state-session-manager.stategy=id-token` (keep ID token only).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that some endpoints do not require the access token.An access token is only required if the endpoint needs to retrieve `UserInfo` or access the downstream service with this access token or use the roles associated with the access token (the roles in the ID token are checked by default). In such cases you can set either `quarkus.oidc.state-session-manager.strategy=id-refresh-token` (keep ID and refresh tokens only) or `quarkus.oidc.state-session-manager.strategy=id-token` (keep ID token only).
```

Author: @gastaldi Sorry, I really need to be more careful, thanks for spotting these typos. Can you please edit your suggestion to have a space in `...token.An access...` ? Or I can commit and then add that space ? Whatever is simpler...

Reviewer: Feel free to change it as you wish, it's your PR anyway 😉
